I've been told that as I went up in the ranks for people who knew me on
do Know me that I haven't really changed. Uh, my style. In fact, recent
stories. I was doing a change of command and a za chaplain. I'm
up at the front stage, and I always look to the commanding officer
who is the senior individual at the event to see what is going on and
how I should react how I shall wear my cover, etcetera. The last
time I was at a change of command, I was the senior guy, and I realized
that everybody is looking at me to see how they are to manage how
they are to wear their cover. And so that was a little awakening that
people are looking to me. And I just realized that no matter where
you're at, there's always somebody watching